Poopy...Poopy
Bow..bow..bow..
Bow..bow..bow.
The butterfly calls him
Will you be my friend ?
Will you come with me to play?
The Hen and the Crow
Called him to join them
Poopy...
Bow..bow..bow.
Poopy...Poopy
Bow...bow...bow
Bow..bow..bow..
The tortoise, chameleon and duck
The kitten and sparrows
Called him to join them
and to play with them
Poopy
Bow...bow...bow
We all have wonderful stories to tell
Stories rich in knowledge
Will you come with us to hear the stories?
Will you come with us, dear Poopy ?
Poopy
Bow..bow..bow
Then I shall come with you
To join your company
Will you too join us dear friends?
To hear the stories
And to enjoy together
Lets enjoy the stories
Lets enjoy together